(Declan)
You may have mastered
the power of the four dragons,
but you still haven't
mastered dueltaining,
and you never will until you
find the fun again.
And since you haven't so far,
not only will you fail
to save Riley,
but you will also fail
to claim victory today!
I use Super Doom King
Bright Armageddon's ability
to force you to pick one
Pendulum Monster on your field.
Not much choice is there
since Odd‐Eyes is
the only one on my field.
Right.
So choosing shouldn't
make your brain hurt.
And now Doom King Bright
Armageddon will wipe out
the special abilities
of all your other dragons!
Wha‐‐
(Dragons roaring)
Next I activate Dark
Armageddon's special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
Dark Armageddon destroys
all your
non‐Pendulum Monsters!
So three of your four
dragons are no more!
What?!
And to get rid
of your final dragon,
Doom King Purple
Armageddon's special ability
destroys Odd‐Eyes
and deals you damage
equal to its
attack points!
Yaah!
(Sylvio and Gong)
Yuya!
(all gasp)
Unh! Oof.
Your turn, Yuya.
Not that you can do
much of anything.
Without your four dragons,
you're helpless.
It looks like it's
impossible to win.
But when I battle, Declan,
the only thing possible
is the impossible.
I will defeat you
and save Riley!
(crying)
I'll make her laugh more
than the tickle monster!
And you know what,
while I'm at it,
I'll even revive Zuzu!
But I'm gonna need
all the help I can get.
Yuri... Yugo... Yuto!
We've been with you
right from
the beginning, Yuya!
The four of us are
all in this together!
We can pull this off Yuya.
Just remember,
that if you duel for fun,
you've already won!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go go go go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
Okay guys!
We're in this together
to the end!
(all)
I draw... draw...
draw... draw!
Perfect!
This card will put us
on the fast track!
Go, Yuya!
I use the spell
Odd‐Eyes Fusiongate!
You'll want to get
a closer look at this,
so how about I help out by
coming closer to you?
I get to resurrect
my Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
and Starving Venom
Fusion Dragon
and fuse I them together!
You can fuse
them together?
Now the power of Pendulum...
combines with
the forces of Fusion...
...to create
a brand‐new dragon!
I Fusion Summon!
Odd‐Eyes Venom Dragon!
(Dragon roars)
Odd‐Eyes Venom Dragon,
let's get toxic!
Absorb the attack points
of all of Declan's monsters!
Now attack
and turn down the lights
on Doom King
Bright Armageddon!
You must take me
for an amateur, Yuya.
My team's set up
to help each other out!
My Purple Armageddon's
special ability
drops your dragon's strength
back to its
starting attack points!
That's not good.
Yuya's attack is
going to backfire!
Ja, I can't look!
I need an Action Card!
This spell won't help.
Aww, man.
Aah!
Unh!
Oh well.
Ya still got other tricks.
You may have destroyed
my Fusion Dragon,
but that lets me send Odd‐Eyes
Fusiongate to the graveyard
to exchange it
for something brand‐new...
the spell card
Odd‐Eyes Synchrogate!
Another Gate?
That's right Declan.
And I can use it
to bring back
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum
Dragon again,
but this time
I'm also bringing along
Clear Wing Synchro Dragon
that was in my graveyard!
The Synchro Gate
is now open,
so I can use Odd‐Eyes
to tune Clear Wing!
I Synchro Summon...
Odd‐Eyes Wing Dragon!
(Dragon roars)
Odd‐Eyes Wing Dragon, unleash
your special ability!
Wipe out all the monsters
on Declan's field
to create a clear lane
to rain down the pain!
(Dragon roars)
Pathetic.
Simply pathetic!
Due to Dark Armageddon,
your special abilities
can't destroy
my Pendulum Monsters.
Well, then,
Odd‐Eyes Wing Dragon,
attack Dark Armageddon!
Ahh, but Odd‐Eyes Wing Dragon
has fewer attack points!
What's he thinking?
(Dragon roars)
(Yuya)
Odd‐Eyes Wing Dragon,
attack Dark Armageddon!
(Yuya straining)
Heh heh!
Huh?
Huh? Why's he smiling?
Yeah, it's like
the more trouble he's in,
the more fun he's having.
Maybe he bonked his head
in the last attack.
Odd‐Eyes Wing Dragon
took one for the team
because when it's destroyed,
it's lets me do a switcheroo,
so now I'm replacing
my Odd‐Eyes Synchrogate
with... Odd‐Eyes Xyzgate!
And trust me, Declan,
this one's a doozy!
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon takes
to the stage one more time,
bringing its partner in crime
from the Xyz Dimension,
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon,
whose Level rises from 4 to 7!
And since they now have
the same Level,
I can overlay
these two dragons
to build
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon!
Odd‐Eyes Rebellion Dragon!
And next, I banish
Xyzgate along with
the other two Gates
in my graveyard.
Thanks for all your help,
but it's time for you to go.
And with their departure,
Odd‐Eyes Rebellion Dragon
not only gains
1,000 attack points,
but it can attack twice
this turn!
Oh, did I say twice?
I meant thrice, because
I activate WONDER CHANCE
to give my dragon
a third attack,
which equals exact number
of monsters you have!
(Dragon roars)
Attack 'em all at once...
Sweeping Static Charge!
Ooh!
Wowza!
Ohh!
It's over!
I wouldn't be so sure.
This is Declan
we're talking about.
You'll have to do
better than that.
I'm afraid
Purple Armageddon
is more formidable
than you thought.
Thanks to it,
my Pendulum Monsters
cannot be destroyed
by your attacks.
Ugh! Well, that didn't
go as planned.
It turned out way
better in my imagination.
Now that the battle's over,
Rebellion Dragon's
attack points drop
back down to 3,000.
Man, I must still be
at Duel Academy
'cause Declan's
taking me to school.
Get your game in gear!
Why do I gotta feel like
I got a dozen jackspiders
down my shirt while Yuya's
as calm as as a cucumber?
(Declan, thinking)
I thought he'd learn
by now the one piece missing
from his dueltaining...
but I was wrong.
(crying)
He can't save Riley.
It's over... Zuzu...
She's gone for good!
It is my turn!
Purple Armageddon,
use your special ability
to destroy
Odd‐Eyes Rebellion Dragon
and deal 3,000 points
of damage to end this duel!
I don't think so!
My trap Abysmal Entertainment
zeroes out all that damage
and then sends my
Odd‐Eyes Rebellion Dragon
to the Pendulum Zone.
That was a close one!
But I'm afraid close
don't cut it, Declan!
Hmph.
Very well.
I end my turn.
But all you're doing is
prolonging the inevitable.
Oh? We'll see!
Odd‐Eyes Rebellion Dragon,
how about I invite a buddy
to join you on the other
side of the Pendulum Zone?
How about this guy?
The one‐and‐only Scale 12
Performapal
Five‐Rainbow Magician!
Scale 12? Golly!
Oh my, I had no idea
that Yuya had the ability
to count that high!
(Yuya)
Swing far, pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Welcome back,
Odd‐Eyes Venom Dragon!
And Odd‐Eyes Wing Dragon!
Plus Performapal
Odd‐Eyes Seer!
And Performapal
Ignition Eagle!
Summon all the monsters
you want!
It changes nothing!
Bright Armageddon forces you
to choose a Pendulum Monster,
and all your other monsters
lose their special abilities.
Okay then, I choose
Odd‐Eyes Seer!
Now use your ability!
By banishing it,
I can summon
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
from my graveyard!
(Dragon roars)
But that just triggers
my Bright Armageddon
to activate its
special ability again!
Then this time
I'll shield
my Performapal
Ignition Eagle!
(grunts)
Five‐Rainbow Magician,
use your special ability!
Show 'em it's not over
till it's over!
He drained
all the attack points
of every single monster?!
I get getting rid of
Declan's attack points,
but Yuya got rid of
his own points too?
It's like
slappin' each other
with wet noodles.
Yeah, but look at Yuya.
He doesn't seem worried.
In fact, he looks like
he's having fun!
Man, you don't know
how long I've been
waiting to play this.
It's a game changer!
When we have four or fewer
Spell or Trap cards
face down on our field,
our monsters can't attack.
But why would you
want to attack anyway
because they also lose
all their attack points
and special abilities.
But... the moment we place
a fifth card, it's go time!
Our monsters not only
get all of their
attack points back,
but their attack points
are doubled!
Ready?
All righty then!
I place my first
facedown card!
Oh, and when we
place a card facedown,
Five‐Rainbow Magician
automatically ends the turn.
I know that's
a lot to ponder,
but, hey,
you're the genius.
I see.
So the first one to place
five cards face down
will win this duel.
Yeah, it's a race to five
to see who gets
to stay alive!
You're on!
I dra‐‐
Hold on, don't be
so quick to draw!
'Cause if you do, you can't
place a spell or trap
on your field that turn.
Yeah, thanks
for the warning!
I just have to get five
Action Cards before you do!
(grunting)
Whoa! Yeah!
(laughing)
Huh?!
Too slow, Yuya.
Now we each have one card
facedown on our fields!
So you tied it up.
But I'll make sure
to take the lead
instead of spinnin'
my wheels!
(yelping)
Oh, me and my big mouth!
I found
a second card, Yuya!
Not like this, not like this,
not like this,
not like this!
And another!
Ha, that's my third card
while you still only have one!
(grunting)
Boost me up!
I'm catching up, Declan!
Yeah, there's still
a lot of duel left, Declan!
He's only one card down!
Yeah!
Keep it rolling, Yuya!
Woo‐hoo!
That makes three!
He's rackin' 'em up!
Yeah, they're tied!
Ha‐ha!
Just two more!
Hyah!
What's this?
What's happening?
There's a surge
in the energy readings.
(Riley cooing)
She's stopped crying.
Found my fourth!
Declan only needs
one more card!
But Yuya still has
to find two!
It's over Yuya!
Not if I can help it!
You and I are
all tied up again!
Whomever finds the next card
will take control of this duel.
(heartbeat pulsing)
I can't control it
any longer!
Found one!
Same here!
Which one of 'em got
an Action card first?
Hyah!
(Sylvio)
Yuya did!
I only beat you
by a hair to that card,
but a hair makes all
the difference, doesn't it?
Now, not only do my monsters
regain their attack points,
but they're' doubled!
I win!
Odd‐Eyes, attack Bright
Armageddon and end this duel!
I don't think so!
Getting those five cards first
would be a guaranteed victory
against any duelist as long
as that duelist isn't me!
By sending D/D Savant Einstein
to the graveyard,
I get to place
a spell on my field.
Now that I also have
five cards,
my monsters become
stronger than yours!
Well then, I'll spark up
Ignition Eagle's
special ability!
Odd‐Eyes Rebellion Dragon
and Ignition Eagle
will switch places
so Odd‐Eyes Rebellion Dragon
is back in the fight!
Plus Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon
gains Odd‐Eyes Rebellion
Dragon's attack points
making it stronger
than your Super Doom King!
Yuya, half the trick
of dueling
is remembering the moves
of your opponent,
and it's abundantly clear
that you have forgotten
what my monsters
are capable of.
Oh, but, I do remember.
Bright Armageddon removes
all my monsters'
special abilities, except for
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon.
That's right!
But you've forgotten
that Purple Armageddon
not only stops my Super Doom
Kings from being destroyed
but it also drops
your Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon's
attack points back
down to the starting line.
(Dragon roars)
So you lose due
to your own attack!
A sorry end
to your sorry duel!
Come on, ya party pooper.
Who said the show's over?
But it is over!
It's not...
'cause my Dragon
isn't going into
this fight alone!
You think I'll just have
one measly dragon
fight all by itself?
I have a whole
rainbow of monsters
ready to finish
this duel!
Rainbow of monsters?
And they work as a team!
Starting off with
Performapal Ignition Eagle!
By banishing my bird
and Performapal
Five‐Rainbow Magician,
all of our facedown
cards are destroyed!
You know, Declan,
with Z‐ARC
and the dimensional wars
and the constant fight
to save the world,
I forgot something
along the way.
Something simple.
That when you
get down to it,
dueling's just fun.
And sometimes,
all I need to smile
is just some random...
Performapal Pyrotechnics!
So five... four...
(all)
Three... two... one!
Ignition!
(people cheering)
(cooing)
Now... it's time
for my grand finale!
Ignition Eagle's
special ability
gives Odd‐eyes Pendulum
Dragon 500 attack points
for every Pendulum Monster
on my field.
That's 2000 attack points!
It's showtime!
(Dragon roars)
Spiral Flame Strike!
I'm able to protect
my monster from destruction,
but I'm still going to
have to take the damage.
Yeah, you got that
right, Declan!
In fact, you take
double the damage!
It's a wrap!
(all cheering)
(laughing)
Oh, Riley!
Oh, yeah!
Hear that?
Riley's laughing!
As the winner of this duel,
Yuya Sakaki advances
to the professional ranks!
I knew you had it
in you, Yuya.
That you'd remember
that your dueltaining
can only make people smile
if it makes you smile first.
Ohh!
Oh!
Yuya...
Ohh!
I'm back home.
(all gasp)
I knew you'd save the world.
You just can't help yourself.
Ya know... I try Zuzu.
I know.
Let's strike up zah music
und do zee goose pickle
oompa‐pa!
(laughing)
Riley is laughing,
so Z‐ARC's evil
is gone forever.
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Yes.
Yuya has successfully
brought our worlds together
by making each
and everyone smile.
Everyone except for me.
♪♪ Go go, come on ♪
(laughing)
(Yusho)
Now now, my son, your journey
is only just beginning.
Whoa! Dad?!
Yuya, becoming a pro dueltainer
means embracing
each new duel as a new
challenge to overcome!
Are you ready
to take your dueltaining
to the next level, son?
You bet!
I could duel all day!
Hey, I'd even skip dessert!
You sure did
teach me a lot Dad,
but you didn't
teach me everything!
It's time
to swing into action!
♪♪ Can you feel the power?